renato cajá crossing traverse deviation
the leftovers with michel do
It's Victor's
ória nishan sent the second goal
disease and victor's halter branches struck
on the beam
the mission took the leftovers and filled his foot and
sent to the goal
marcelo lomba became a static ball in the
the commission has had time to
stop dominate choose the corner to
make the first goal of victory 1 to 0
in the semifinals looks the ball in the middle
the pass to the goal
u1 is the victory
glory
that's when I'll talk
videogame play is the second of
Maximo Squire's Pass Victory
biancucchi left for the meek to arrive
knocking first one heel
providential dismantled the defense of Bahia
mansur at the exit of marcelo lomba to
do the second
2 to 0 for the win a triangle
play drawing
After that, I'll tell you who it was.
anderson crossing toso escape to
area the goal of bahia
the tite is so bay
the good and good boka and juazeiro goal in
savior
crossing to the great area of ​​the talisca
split tite anticipation with ball
once more the bid
the tite arrived it was kinda middle-of-the-shoulder
worth ear head is ball in the
network the parent and makes the first
and vibrates a lot tite is a goal